feat(curriculum): add HTML accessibility quiz (#56470)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/quiz-html-accessibility/66ed9026f45ce3ece4053ebb.md

#### --text--

What is accessibility?

#### --distractors--

Accessibility focuses on making websites faster to load.

---

Accessibility is a belief to make websites compatible with older browsers.

---

> Accessibility is a type of coding style.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Accessibility is a type of coding style.
```

accidentally removed an empty line here

---

Landmark

---

Window

#### --answer--

Document Structure, Landmark, Window, Abstract, Widget, and Live Role 

### --question--

#### --text--

What is the correct way to add an `alt` attribute to an `<img>` tag?

#### --distractors--

```html
alt="cat running"<img src="cat.jpg"> 
```

---

```html
alt=""<img src="cat.jpg"> 
```

---

```html
<img src="cat.jpg"> alt="cat running"
```

#### --answer--

```html
<img src="cat.jpg" alt="cat running"> 
```

### --question--

#### --text--

What is WAI-ARIA?

#### --distractors--

WAI-ARIA is a programming language specifically designed for creating animated web graphics

---

WAI-ARIA is a set of guidelines for making websites more visually appealing and colorful

---

WAI-ARIA is a tool for optimizing website loading speeds and server performance.
#### --answer--

WAI-ARIA is a set of standardized practices that ensure online content can be viewed by users with disabilities.

### --question--

#### --text--

The function of the `hidden` attribute is to

#### --distractors--

The function of the `hidden` attribute is to shrink the focused elements

---

The function of the `hidden` attribute is to add tabs

---

> The function of the `hidden` attribute is to hide an HTML form 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The function of the `hidden` attribute is to hide an HTML form

```

Accidentally deleted empty line

#### --answer--

> The function of the `hidden` attribute is to hide certain submitted information from view

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The function of the `hidden` attribute is to hide certain submitted information from view

```

### --question--

#### --text--

The function of the `tabindex` attribute is 

#### --distractors--

The function of the `tabindex` attribute is to change the color of focused elements

---

The function of the `tabindex` attribute is to shrink the focused elements

---

The function of the `tabindex` attribute is to add tabs 

#### --answer--

> The function of the `tabindex` attribute is to control the order of keyboard navigation on a webpage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The function of the `tabindex` attribute is to control the order of keyboard navigation on a webpage

```

### --question--

#### --text--

What are the best methods for creating accessible data tables? 

#### --distractors--

Add a caption by using the `<paragraph>` tag

---

Use the `aria-label` attribute to make sure that the data cells associate with the proper header

---

Use absolute sizing to make sure that the data cells are not too large

#### --answer--

Use the `header` and `id` attributes to associate the data cells with the proper header

### --question--

#### --text--

> 
> What is WAI-ARIA? 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What is WAI-ARIA?
```
here there is an extra empty line

#### --distractors--

WAI-ARIA is a programming language specifically designed for creating animated web graphics

---

WAI-ARIA is a set of guidelines for making websites more visually appealing and colorful

---

WAI-ARIA is a tool for optimizing website loading speeds and server performance.

#### --answer--

> WAI-ARIA is a set of roles that add semantic meaning to web content, improving accessibility for screen readers and assistive technologies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

WAI-ARIA is a set of roles that add semantic meaning to web content, improving accessibility for screen readers and assistive technologies.

```

### --question--

#### --text--

The function of the `hidden` attribute is 

#### --distractors--

The function of the `hidden` attribute is to change the font size of an element

---

The function of the `hidden` attribute is to change the background color of an element

---

The function of the `hidden` attribute is to shrink an element

#### --answer--

The function of the `hidden` attribute is to hide information from the user

### --question--

#### --text--

The function of `aria-expanded` is 

#### --distractors--

The function of `aria-expanded` is to change the font size of an element

---
The function of `aria-expanded` is to change the background color of an element

---

The function of `aria-expanded` is to to shrink an element 

#### --answer--

> The function of `aria-expanded` is to indicate whether a control is currently expanded or collapsed, and whether its associated content is displayed or hidden

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The function of `aria-expanded` is to indicate whether a control is currently expanded or collapsed, and whether its associated content is displayed or hidden

```

---

The `aria-haspopup` attribute is used to indicate that an element has keyboard shortcuts associated with it

#### --answer--

The `aria-haspopup` attribute indicates that an element can trigger a popup like a menu or dialog

### --question--

#### --text--

What is a common keystroke to see if a website keyboard navigation-friendly?

#### --distractors--

Avoid using popups or dialogs to describe content

---

<kbd>Enter</kbd>

---

<kbd>Caps Lock</kbd>

#### --answer--

<kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>Tab</kbd>

### --question--

#### --text--

The function of the `aria-live` attribute is

#### --distractors--

The function of the `aria-live` attribute is to record live music performances 

---

The function of the `aria-live` attribute is to make HTML elements focusable

---

The function of the `aria-live` attribute is to make HTML elements smaller

#### --answer--

Indicate an element's content is dynamic and will be updated, which enables assistive technology to mention those updates to the user.

### --question--

#### --text--

In HTML, a `role` attribute's purpose is 

#### --distractors--

to style elements with CSS animations

---

> to define the visual appearance of HTML elements

Reviewer: ```suggestion

to define the visual appearance of HTML elements
```

---

to modify HTML tags

#### --answer--

To specify the type and purpose of an element, allowing assistive technologies to better understand how the element should be interpreted and interacted with.

### --question--

#### --text--

What is the best way to make a website's link accessible? 

#### --distractors--

Use phrases like "click here" to describe the link

---

Add the site's URL to the link's text

---

Link to two different URLs using the same words on the same page

#### --answer--

Avoid linking whole paragraphs 

### --question--

#### --text--

When recording audio for a video, it is best to   

#### --distractors--

Use the latest recording tool

---

Use jargon and terms related to the topic

---

Speak quickly 

#### --answer--

Speak slowly and clearly to give users time to process and understand the presented information.  

### --question--

#### --text--

The function of the `aria-checked` attribute is

#### --distractors--

The function of the `aria-checked` attribute is to show a checkmark. 

---

The function of the `aria-checked` attribute is to mark HTML elements

---

The function of the `aria-checked` attribute is to add a circle 

#### --answer--

> The function of the `aria-checked` attribute is to ensure that the element is checked (`true`), unchecked (`false)`, or if the checked status is indeterminate (`mixed`), neither checked nor unchecked

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The function of the `aria-checked` attribute is to ensure that the element is checked (`true`), unchecked (`false)`, or if the checked status is indeterminate (`mixed`), neither checked nor unchecked

```

#### --text--

What is accessibility?

#### --distractors--

Accessibility focuses on making websites faster to load.

---

Accessibility is a belief to make websites compatible with older browsers.

---

Accessibility is a type of coding style.

#### --answer--

> Accessibility is a set of standardized practices that ensure online content can be viewed by users with disabilities.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Accessibility is a set of standardized practices that help make online content more usable by people with disabilities.
```

Nitpick. I just don't like the use of "ensure" here. You can never ensure that a website is 100% accessible to everyone.

### --question--

#### --text--

> What is the best practice for creating accessible headings?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
What is a best practice for creating accessible headings?
```

Another nitpick. There are many best practices for making headings more accessible.

#### --distractors--

Add SEO-friendly keywords 

---

Create humorous headings 

---

Place `h6` headings at the beginning of your webpage 

#### --answer--

> Put headings in chronological order 

Reviewer 2: Just a nitpick here, but chronological pertains to time. Do you perhaps mean "hierarchical"?

Author: Yes

### --question--

#### --text--

What are the six main categories of ARIA roles?

#### --distractors--

Document Structure, Landmark, Window, Explicit, Fidget, and Footer

---

Landmark, House, Live Region, Application, Window, and Extension

---

Window, Alertdialog, Article, Cell, Banner, and Button

#### --answer--

> Document Structure, Landmark, Window, Abstract, Widget, and Live Role 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Document Structure, Landmark, Window, Abstract, Widget, and Live Region
```

Another nitpick.

### --question--

#### --text--

What is the correct way to add an `alt` attribute to an `<img>` tag?

#### --distractors--

```html
alt="cat running"<img src="cat.jpg"> 
```

---

```html
alt=""<img src="cat.jpg"> 
```

---

```html
<img src="cat.jpg"> alt="cat running"
```

#### --answer--

```html
<img src="cat.jpg" alt="cat running"> 
```

### --question--

#### --text--

What is WAI-ARIA?

#### --distractors--

WAI-ARIA is a programming language specifically designed for creating animated web graphics

---

WAI-ARIA is a set of guidelines for making websites more visually appealing and colorful

---

WAI-ARIA is a tool for optimizing website loading speeds and server performance.

#### --answer--

> WAI-ARIA is a set of standardized practices that ensure online content can be viewed by users with disabilities.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
WAI-ARIA is a set of standardized practices that helps make online content more accessible to people with disabilities.
```

Another nitpick. It is hard to "ensure" that content will be accessible to everyone. The best we can do is get as close as possible.

### --question--

#### --text--

What is the function of the `hidden` attribute?

#### --distractors--

The function of the `hidden` attribute is to shrink the focused elements

---

The function of the `hidden` attribute is to add tabs

---

The function of the `hidden` attribute is to hide an HTML form

#### --answer--

> The function of the `hidden` attribute is to hide certain submitted information from view

Reviewer 2: I think this answer is worded awkwardly. I'm not sure what is meant by "certain submitted information"?

The hidden attribute prevents an element from being rendered. It is basically removed from the DOM. This answer makes it seem like there is more to it than that.

Author: You're right. I worded it incorrectly

### --question--

#### --text--

> What is the function of the `tabindex` attribute?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
What is one function of the `tabindex` attribute?
```

I think if we want to keep the current answers then this should be changed so that it doesn't imply that there is only one function of `tabindex`.

> What is one function of the `tabindex` attribute?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
What is the function of the `tabindex` attribute?
```

Since the correct answer has two functions, I think it makes sense to use "the" here.

#### --distractors--

The function of the `tabindex` attribute is to change the color of focused elements

---

The function of the `tabindex` attribute is to shrink the focused elements

---

The function of the `tabindex` attribute is to add tabs 

#### --answer--

> The function of the `tabindex` attribute is to control the order of keyboard navigation on a webpage

Reviewer 2: There is more to it than this. You can use `tabindex="-1"` to programmatically set focus on content that you can't reach using keyboard navigation.

> The function of the `tabindex`attribute is to control keyboard navigation order and focus on elements that aren’t typically accessible via keyboard.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The function of the `tabindex`attribute is to control keyboard navigation order and allow programmatic focus on elements that aren’t accessible via keyboard.
```

### --question--

#### --text--

> What are the best methods for creating accessible data tables? 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Which of the following is a best practice for creating accessible data tables? 
```

Just felt like the original question was a little awkward.

#### --distractors--

Add a caption by using the `<paragraph>` tag

---

Use the `aria-label` attribute to make sure that the data cells associate with the proper header

---

Use absolute sizing to make sure that the data cells are not too large

#### --answer--

> Designate row and/or column headers by using `<td>` and`<th>` tags

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Designate row and/or column headers by using `<th>` elements
```

Only `th` elements are used to designate headers in a table.

### --question--

#### --text--

What is the difference between the attributes `aria-label` and `aria-labelledby`?

#### --distractors--

The `aria-label`and `aria-labelledby` attributes serve the same purpose.

---

> The `aria-label` attribute is used to give an color to its label while the `aria-labelledby` attribute is used to give height to its label.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `aria-label` attribute is used to give a color to its label while the `aria-labelledby` attribute is used to give height to its label.
```

---

> The `aria-label` and `aria-labelledby` attributes keeps labels undefined. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `aria-label` and `aria-labelledby` attributes keep labels undefined. 
```

#### --answer--

> The `aria-labelledby`attribute is used to give an element a label while the `aria-label` attribute is used to give an element its label. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `aria-labelledby` attribute is used to give an element a label while the `aria-label` attribute is used to give an element its label. 
```

> The `aria-labelledby` attribute is used to give an element a label while the `aria-label` attribute is used to give an element its label. 

Reviewer 2: I'm sorry, but I don't understand this answer. Both of these attributes are used to give an element an accessible name (or label if you prefer). The only difference is that `aria-labelledby` allows you to do that by referencing an existing element on the page while `aria-label` allows you to define the name in the attribute itself.

### --question--

#### --text--

> What is the function of the `hidden` attribute? 

Reviewer 3: This question is a duplicate.

#### --distractors--

The function of the `hidden` attribute is to change the font size of an element

---

The function of the `hidden` attribute is to change the background color of an element

---

The function of the `hidden` attribute is to shrink an element

#### --answer--

The function of the `hidden` attribute is to hide information from the user

### --question--

#### --text--

What is the function of `aria-expanded`? 

#### --distractors--

The function of `aria-expanded` is to change the font size of an element

---

> The function of `aria-expanded` is to change the background color of an element

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

The function of `aria-expanded` is to change the background color of an element
```

Restore the removed line break.

---

The function of `aria-expanded` is to to shrink an element 

#### --answer--

The function of `aria-expanded` is to indicate whether a control is currently expanded or collapsed, and whether its associated content is displayed or hidden

### --question--

#### --text--

What is the correct way to associate a label with an input?

#### --distractors--

Use separate `label` and `input` elements without any association

---

Use placeholder text instead of actual `label` elements for form inputs

---

> Use nested `div` elements to group labels and inputs together

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure what this actually means. Can you give a code example?

Author: I was trying to think of an incorrect answer, but it didn't come the way I wanted.

#### --answer--

Use the `for` attribute on `label`s and matching `id` attribute on `input`s to associate them

### --question--

#### --text--

How does a screen magnifier help visually-impaired users navigate web pages?

#### --distractors--

A screen magnifier reads the page's content aloud to the user

---

A screen magnifier converts text to Braille for tactile reading

---

A screen magnifier automatically adjusts the color contrast of web pages

#### --answer--

A screen magnifier helps visually-impaired users navigate web pages by allowing them to zoom in and out.

### --question--

#### --text--

What is the function of the `aria-haspopup` attribute?

#### --distractors--

The `aria-haspopup` attribute is used to indicate that an element has a tooltip associated with it

---

The `aria-haspopup` attribute is used to specify the language of the element's content

---

The `aria-haspopup` attribute is used to indicate that an element has keyboard shortcuts associated with it

#### --answer--

The `aria-haspopup` attribute indicates that an element can trigger a popup like a menu or dialog

### --question--

#### --text--

> What is a common keystroke to see if a website keyboard navigation-friendly?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
What is a common keystroke to see if a website is keyboard navigation-friendly?
```

#### --distractors--

<kbd>Enter</kbd> + <kbd>6</kbd>

---

<kbd>Enter</kbd>

---

<kbd>Caps Lock</kbd>

#### --answer--

<kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>Tab</kbd>

### --question--

#### --text--

What is the function of the `aria-live` attribute?

#### --distractors--

The function of the `aria-live` attribute is to record live music performances 

---

The function of the `aria-live` attribute is to make HTML elements focusable

---

The function of the `aria-live` attribute is to make HTML elements smaller

#### --answer--

Indicate an element's content is dynamic and will be updated, which enables assistive technology to mention those updates to the user.

### --question--

#### --text--

What is the purpose of the `role` attribute?

#### --distractors--

> to style elements with CSS animations

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To style elements with CSS animations
```

---

> to define the visual appearance of HTML elements

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To define the visual appearance of HTML elements
```

---

> to modify HTML tags

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To modify HTML tags
```

#### --answer--

To specify the type and purpose of an element, allowing assistive technologies to better understand how the element should be interpreted and interacted with.

### --question--

#### --text--

What is the best way to make a website's link accessible? 

#### --distractors--

Use phrases like "click here" to describe the link

---

Add the site's URL to the link's text

---

Link to two different URLs using the same words on the same page

#### --answer--

Avoid linking whole paragraphs 

### --question--

#### --text--

> When recording audio for a video, it is best to   

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When recording audio for a video, it is best to:
```

When recording audio for a video, it is best to:

#### --distractors--

Use the latest recording tool.

---

Use jargon and terms related to the topic.

---

Speak quickly.

#### --answer--

Speak slowly and clearly to give users time to process and understand the presented information.

### --question--

#### --text--

What is the function of the `aria-checked` attribute?

#### --distractors--

To show a checkmark. 

---

To mark HTML elements.

---

To add a circle.

#### --answer--

> To indicate whether an element is checked (`true`), unchecked (`false`), or in an indeterminate state (`mixed`), meaning neither checked nor unchecked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To indicate whether an element is checked (`true`), unchecked (`false`), or in an indeterminate state (`mixed`), meaning neither checked nor unchecked.

```

missing line here

> The function of the `aria-checked` attribute is to ensure that the element is checked (`true`), unchecked (`false)`, or if the checked status is indeterminate (`mixed`), neither checked nor unchecked

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The function of the `aria-checked` attribute is to indicate whether an element is checked (`true`), unchecked (`false)`, or in an indeterminate state (`mixed`), meaning neither checked nor unchecked
```

Nitpick. I just think "indicate" is better than "ensure", since this attribute is merely describing the current state to assistive technology.

#### --text--

What is accessibility?

#### --distractors--

Accessibility focuses on making websites faster to load.

---

Accessibility is a belief to make websites compatible with older browsers.

---

Accessibility is a type of coding style.

#### --answer--

Accessibility is a set of standardized practices that ensure online content can be viewed by users with disabilities.

### --question--

#### --text--

What is the best practice for creating accessible headings?

#### --distractors--

Add SEO-friendly keywords 

---

Create humorous headings 

---

Place `h6` headings at the beginning of your webpage 

#### --answer--

Put headings in chronological order 

### --question--

#### --text--

What are the six main categories of ARIA roles?

#### --distractors--

Document Structure, Landmark, Window, Explicit, Fidget, and Footer

---

Landmark, House, Live Region, Application, Window, and Extension

---

> Window, Alertdialog, Article, Cell , Banner, and Button
> 
> ---
> 
> Checkbox, Columnheader, Comment, Complementary, Abstract, and Live Role
> 
> ---

Reviewer: ````suggestion
Window, Alertdialog, Article, Cell, Banner, and Button
````

there are only three distractors

#### --answer--

Document Structure, Landmark, Window, Abstract, Widget, and Live Role 

### --question--

#### --text--

What is the correct way to add an `alt` attribute to an `<img>` tag?

#### --distractors--

```html
alt="cat running"<img src="cat.jpg"> 
```

---

```html
alt=""<img src="cat.jpg"> 
```

---

```html
<img src="cat.jpg"> alt="cat running"
```

#### --answer--

```html
<img src="cat.jpg" alt="cat running"> 
```

### --question--

#### --text--

What is WAI-ARIA?

#### --distractors--

WAI-ARIA is a programming language specifically designed for creating animated web graphics

---

WAI-ARIA is a set of guidelines for making websites more visually appealing and colorful

---

> WAI-ARIA is a tool for optimizing website loading speeds and server performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WAI-ARIA is a tool for optimizing website loading speeds and server performance.

```

you accidentally removed an emptyline here

#### --answer--

WAI-ARIA is a set of standardized practices that ensure online content can be viewed by users with disabilities.

### --question--

#### --text--

What is the function of the `hidden` attribute?

#### --distractors--

The function of the `hidden` attribute is to shrink the focused elements

---

The function of the `hidden` attribute is to add tabs

---

The function of the `hidden` attribute is to hide an HTML form

#### --answer--

The function of the `hidden` attribute is to hide certain submitted information from view

### --question--

#### --text--

> What is the function of the `tabindex` attribute?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What is the function of the `tabindex` attribute?

```
an other accidentally removed line
